# GoFoodie
With your team, you'll conceive and execute a design that solves a real-world problem by integrating data received from multiple server-side API requests. You'll also learn about agile development methodologies to help you work collaboratively. You'll implement feature and bug fixes using Git branch workflow and pull requests.

You'll write your own user stories and acceptance criteria in GitHub Issues to help your team stay on track with the project. Using GitHub Project to track the status of your project tasks will help you understand the benefits of Kanban boards.

You and your group will use everything you’ve learned over the past six modules to create a real-world front-end application that you’ll be able to showcase to potential employers. The user story and acceptance criteria will depend on the project that you create, but your project must fulfill the following requirements:

Use Bootstrap.

Be deployed to GitHub Pages.

Be interactive (in other words, accept and respond to user input).

Use at least two server-side APIsLinks to an external site..

Use modals instead of alerts, confirms, or prompts.

Use client-side storage to store persistent data.

Be responsive.

Have a polished UI.

Have a clean repository that meets quality coding standards (file structure, naming conventions, best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, and so on).

Have a quality README (including a unique name, description, technologies used, screenshot, and link to the deployed application).

(User steps)
Pseudo code start: 
1. Stats are entered: Jumbotron, NavBar, Form using Bootstrap, eventListener to submit form;
2. calculates the bmi: FitnessCalculator Api(or BMI)/ print the daily kcal goal/ localStorage Kcal 
3. Based on the BMI range, we create if statements and we define what range needed for healthy wieght: lose weight/gain weight/ keep waight (eg if BMI= less than 2000, calorie goal is..)
        save user Choice

4. based on the calorie goal, the recipe api will generate recipes that matches calorie goal: RecipeAPI/ filter recipes for ingredients or Kcal